hey cuties so today I'm going to be
doing an April April yes April favorites
video the first thing is not a makeup
item it is a drink this is the boathouse
farms vanilla chai tea has natural
flavors 9 grams protein a ton of calcium
it's just it's vitamin enriched or what
I'm reading it's really good for you
it's not just like loaded just with
sugars it's really good it's a decent
size it's a nice protein drink I really
like this so I haven't been drinking
this a lot lately it isn't also a soy
beverage cuz i don't really like milk
this perfume is honey sweetheart but i
think it's by bath and body works i'm
not sure it doesn't say that this was
from nina from our swap if you guys
remember you can click right here
because i actually have two more
products that was from our swap because
i really do just love that this is
amazing perfume i've used quite a bit of
it in april this smells so good Oh is
just Rua smooth amazing so I've been
using this almost every single day in
the packaging is stellar another thing
from Nina that I've been rockin loving
and wearing every single day is the
Urban Decay animal palette I am so
thankful for this one thing oops the
brush just felt thankful for every item
that she gave me but I use all the time
and if you guys follow me on Instagram I
do um Instagram pictures of my eye looks
and they're mainly always using these
colors here so here are these colors in
a better view I love that they are
shimmery I just love the consist of
these they're so creamy a plus for urban
decay another makeup item that was also
from Nina is the Too Faced shadow
insurance using this as a base or a
primer before your eye look I just love
this and it's actually decent size my
sister used uses this uses uses this as
well and she loves it she's had hers for
quite some time and just can't get
enough of it it really does make your
eyeshadow pop and I've always been using
the NYX jumbo eye pencil and this is my
new new favorite i love this stuff the
last makeup item in my favorites video
i'm trying to speed up my favorite view
because it's like i love this I love
this well clearly that's why we're doing
the video of it right so the last makeup
item is this Ben Nye banana
now i have a huge jumbo size of this so
I'm probably not gonna use this up until
like 2043 so you know in 2004 3 i'll be
like I I was this uh huh there's just so
much in here this is some people say
vinay um I say Ben Nye I don't know if
that's right or wrong oh I just love
this stuff I love the smell of it it's
just a powder and I always use it for my
under eyes I love using my um diorskin
flash concealer on my under eyes because
it also is brightening and then I use
this to set it I never really set my
concealers ever before but since I've
started it with the bed night I love
this and people tell me how flawless my
makeup is I'm thinking doing a
foundation routine i'm using this and my
whole foundation routine so let me know
if that's something you guys want to see
this candle is the best candle ever and
I don't have much less than it as I am
obsessed Oh in the cup tin container
holder whatever whatever it smells so
good and when you actually light it
that's what the room smells I love when
you burn the candle and ash the room
actually smells like the candle because
I've had some candles that smells so
good it's a tin or whatever this
container and then when you light it it
doesn't smell at all hate that so this
one does and it smells like its funds in
blueberry jam by the way I didn't even
say what it was and I think it's by
Glade I know this ad all around another
reason why i love dollarama because you
can get actual brand names for way
cheaper the last thing in my favorites
video for this month I haven't been
using this a lot this month because I've
just got it towards the end of the month
but i have been using it almost every
day towards the end of the month if that
makes sense um it is the Argan heat hair
straightener oh my gad it looks like
this this is the most amazing
straightener that i have ever used I was
used my Chi 1 but this has just trumped
it this is amazing this is a babyliss
pro am I saying that right I don't know
but it's the pro straightener it's haha
I like it I like how it feels and
there's just like simple buttons and it
tells you what it's on there's a light
there heats up super quick and I
straighten my hair with it today as you
can see my hair so straight I'm in love
with this and also it doesn't just
make your hair straight it makes it so
soft like my hair is just kissable Esau
so this is my hair on the back it is so
straightened I love this love this and i
also have extensions and i straighten
those as well they went soft and smooth
this straightener is on my desk it's
from flat iron experts com la flat iron
experts because my mom actually was
looking at this in a store and it was
quite expensive and then we went on
flattering experts and it was cheaper so
that's a plus and also it comes with a
full size argan oil whether the one that
we were looking at in the store only
came with it argan oil about this big so
this is a full size one so it is a plus
and this isn't open yet because i do
have argan oil so if you put argan oil
on your hair and straighten this it
becomes even more straightened clearly
because this is the organ heat
straightener so they go hand in hand or
straight and straighten go check it off
with a link down below for you guys so
you could easily check in today going on
some wild goose chase like what did she
say I don't even understand those are
all my favorites for the month of April
let me go blood but let me know if you
guys like it on some Martian right now
so thank you guys so much for watching
and I'll talk to you guys later hi guys